hey guys how's it goin under miss amount
of the LPP kunig Adam today I am showing
you a big planet Vita and I know the
quality is not going to be the greatest
that's because I'm recording from phone
because you know the Vita doesn't let
you record the actual screen or with any
device such as the PSP did but I'm going
to give it to you as best as I can like
this for now and hopefully we'll find
something better in the future but in
this tutorial I'm going to be showing
you how to use the memorizer the
memorizer basically stores data in the
level so once you trigger it inside a
level it will stay triggered the next
time they join if you decide to save it
meaning that you can make save data so
for example you could make it so the
player keeps a currency which is nice
and you could also do it from level to
level which is brilliant i only found
that out today so you could have a chip
called test here and then in the second
level you could have a chip called test
and then when i did have the same data
type that would be set off the same
which is really really helpful for you
know RPG other game makers like LTS is
that i'm working on now myself so let's
just show you basically what it does
here the settings and as you can see
it's got a good old invert and you can
have as many as you want like a number
of ports obviously it would set off
certain logic depending on which ones
you actually input then also it has
unhear the input obviously that's too
obviously a trigger it and make it turn
on and this is the trigger now both of
these have to be both these have to
receive an input to activate it to make
it stay on and then you can have another
button in this slot here which would
make it reset
this is the trigger so what you need to
do if you want a button to so you need
to press two buttons for example you
could make it so both of those are
required to make this one go off well
you get the idea once you actually get a
hold of yourself but all you need to
know is to activate it you put two wires
into here this is your output and this
is the logic that's activated by the
output so this is the part that saves
here after this part so anything after
here saves so let me show you in play
mode so if i go to play mode you see
show you okay so here's a normal boring
level you press the button and you see a
green light did you see in the top card
with local corner here sorry bottom
corner you see it's safe whenever I
pressed it it's saving to my profile so
now if I was to go to replay I couldn't
see it then you can see the light is
still on the logic is activated and if I
were to go into my settings go on to a
profile tab and then you can see ah well
you can't do it from here I guess you
have to do from the pod book and show
you that now actually return to pod so
you saw whenever reached at that level
that light was on that will do it
forever because that logic has been set
off and saved so what I need to do now
is go to settings my name is data labels
now using C and then it's got my name on
there and it has protector removed so
protect would mean if you protect it and
press removal then there's a button that
option to remove all if you were to
press the removal button that would
basically mean that it would remove all
the ones that aren't protected as it
says on the book and you probably can't
read it though so if we remove this the
labels gone
so let's go back to the moon and then we
go back to the level so let's hold down
and go to play mode that's the wrong
level so professional okay so if we go
back to the level on plane mode
as you can see the logic isn't been set
off anymore so this is really really
good this can help you create amazing
full RPGs and i know i will be so if you
want to make an RPG wonderful games out
hit me up subscribe trust me i will
bring you a lot of content on that as
soon as the full game is released but
yes I am mr. Morrow of the other people
yet and i will see you in the next video
and i'd like to play it again peace